the stock market took a big hit today
and we will look at the indicators which
show this system has become
extremely fragile you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you I
have so much information to cover today
way too much in fact it took me a very
long time to put all of these together I
just want to hit each one very quickly
and bring that to you beginning right
here this is basically uh there's two
articles here that I want to tell you
just briefly about what happened today a
drop of
1.2% on the S&P 500 that is very
significant to happen within a one-day
period now if it were to come back up in
a short period of time not much to worry
about here but if the trend continues
obviously we have a problem financials
falling
2.5% and the Dow Jones dropped 240
points okay so we have a fairly
significant drop in this time frame in
fact I believe it was the biggest in 5
months if I'm not mistaken so that is uh
something to note what happens after the
100 day streak without a 1% drop ends
and as you can see they're suggesting
that in the short term there may not be
any growth but over the course of the
next 12 months historically there could
be some more growth here potential so
let's see what happens I don't know if
this is any indication of uh what will
actually happen but that's what they're
saying so that's the introduction here
let's move in to the facts the
ballooning S&P 500 PE ratio the PE Ratio
being considered widely as when you're
talking
about you know the analysis of any
particular company or stocks or whatever
PE ratio is important okay now
historically I have read that it's about
16 on the PE ratios although there are
those who suggest that a new PE ratio
has form towards the 20 Mark or even
higher and you can see that as March 20
you're looking at 26 and
change this is going up significantly
over the years is dating back from 2012
and the PE ratios just keep on
increasing that's what happened during
the do com boom let me see how did that
work out let me just flip back in my
history book here oops yeah it took a
nose dive all right
so let's uh move
on earning stagnation despite financials
engineering so they're saying look
they're printing all this money but what
exactly has been the result and
according to the earnings per
share since
2014 there has been nothing going on
despite the fact that the stock market
has been moving up and up and up you see
the earnings per share going sideways
and that is not a good sign it is very
very
clear moving on rolling 4-we changing
year over-year loan creation you could
see this obvious decline happening and
it's been sort of a trend here short
Trend anyway and that's minus 2.8% now
look we have to go back and realize wait
a minute this is back dating to the
financial crisis once again that's what
continuously happens when I say this is
the financial crisis part two keep
saying it I'm getting bored of saying it
I wrote about it in my new book and I've
continuously said it on here that we are
headed back into to the financial crisis
moving on looking at this commercial
bank loans creation year-over-year
change another one that has sort of uh
dipped off fallen off the cliff moving
on Sudden drop off after years of steady
credit expansion banks are starting to
pay their loan books loans and leases to
Commercial and Industrial companies at
us commercial Banks and you know I would
say it's too early to
tell but it is significant because
overall you can see the slow and steady
increase and then it goes to a drop off
so I want to see Credit in that slow and
steady increase I don't want to see drop
offs and especially Trends continuing
that's what I'm looking for relating to
this so you know it applies to these uh
previous charts I just showed you
Venezuela's money supply I it's not
really related necessarily but I had to
show you this I know that there are so
many of you out there that are going to
find this amazing I mean it's increasing
steady and then look at this hockey
stick that just goes straight
up it's
insane that's what you'll see in the
history history books we're going to
look at Venezuela's
hyperinflation 10 20 50 years from now
and look and say wow that was bad you're
going to say you're going to see wart
Germany and you're going to see
Venezuela from this time right now look
at how devastating that is and then you
compare that Venezuela to Colombia and
Brazil and you see a very different
picture I mean regionally they're
obviously geographically focused and and
close
but the situation is completely
different
definitely and then a few of what I like
to think of as the real economic
indicators pay LS shoes is said to be
filing for bankruptcy as soon as next
week they have 4,000 locations they may
close anywhere between 500 and 1,000
stores a significant ific amount of u
hardship going on in all these different
corporations and they're being pushed
out by other big corporations it's not
like you know somebody else isn't taking
over but what I would see is that there
has been
uh a lot of these stores which are
either laying people off or closing
locations
or hang on to that for the last article
what the other thing that's been
happening Sears is acknowledged the
substantial doubt about its ability to
keep operating raising fresh concerns
about a company that lost more than 10
billion dollar in recent years Sears is
losing Payless is losing all of these
big box stores these big big chains are
taking a beating right now but people
keep
saying that everything is just fine well
maybe it is maybe I'm totally wrong you
believe what you want to believe last
but not least this is Goldman Sachs
their own
website posting a job
for building a robo advisor replacing
jobs in the financial industry is going
to be the new normal a lot of people
today and just I'll finish it off with
this a lot of people today there are
maybe they're Millennials or even
younger or they parents who have young
children children and they want them to
get a good education believing that this
is very important I don't necessarily
deny that having a good education is
important but that education that you go
postsecondary you go off into College
University and you believe that that's
going to get you a job that is
wrong times have changed times have
really changed and the people who are
making the big bucks today aren't
necessarily those who went to school for
long periods of time you know if you got
your PhD and philosophy or something
like this you may not have a job waiting
for you at the end of it a lot of people
are in that situation now very educated
people I would argue educated in the
wrong things but educated people are
losing out they're really
suffering at this time because they have
so much debt at the same time they're
unable to find work so that's the
situation that a lot of people have
found themselves in I believe that
people need to do their own education in
their own time getting the new means of
information in where you have
individuals not corporations not
mainstream type media providing
information for people condensing it and
aggregating it and making our lives
simple that's this what technology has
allowed us to do you know it's a
double-edged sword we can use it to an
advantage look at what I've been able to
do I've taken all of this information
that took me a few hours um let's see
here it took me probably about 2 and a
half hours to put this video together if
you can believe it or not so I've went
through like 50 different articles and
and probably even more charts took all
that put it together condensed it for
you so that you can have it so that you
can take that information you can build
upon it to then go on and hopefully pass
it on or or just build up your own
knowledge base for yourself for your
families and everything else so this is
what has become the new paradigm where
individuals are able to fend for
themselves let's
say if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up when you give
me a thumbs up it pushes these videos
higher up in the YouTube search rankings
so I really appreciate that and last but
not least if if you found the video
informative then I know you'll find my
book The Money GPS even more
informative check out the global
economic collapse as well that's my new
book both of these are available at
Amazon and you have this look inside
feature over there that will allow you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you like it take care